Did you attempt to make your computer player very smart -- i.e., do something more clever than just pick a random legal move?
Yes,  the computer always checks before randomly generating a move if it can make a smart move first.
If there are already 3 yellow tokens and a none spot, it will place the token in the none spot to win. 
This will work no matter where the none sport is in the list of 4 yellow tokens. 

If so, were you able to accomplish this? Is your computer player as smart as you would like?
I utilized for loops to check the rows and columns and register if it ever finds 3 tokens and a None spot in any order.
It then checks if all 3 tokens found are yellow tokens. If they are, the function will return the coordinates of the None spot,
and therefore, win the game by getting four in a row.
If there is no such sequence, then it just returns random coordinates for the next computer token. 

How did you determine which piece to play next? Tell us about your “pick next move” algorithm
It first checks for a place it can put a yellow token for a horizontal win, then a vertical win, then a positive slope win.
If none of these exist then it will simply just pick a random location.

How often did your computer program beat you, or your friends, or whoever tested it out for you?
The computer was good at winning over the user when there were more chips placed on the board. 
At first it is completely random so the chances are low. 
But as more yellow chips are placed on the board, there are more opportunities for the computer to make a smart move rather than random one.

How would you improve it in the future?
Right now, the AI only checks for only vertical wins, horizontal wins, and positive slope wins. 
Because of the complications of indexing, I was not successful in making it work for negative slope wins, so I would improve this. 
Additionally, instead of waiting till it randomly places 3 out of the potential 4 in the row, 
maybe I would just wait till it randomly places 2 out of the potential 4 in the row and then make a smart move for both the third and fourt token.